#519 Feature: implement server side diff for mutating webhook from configstore to resolve out of sync issue in ArgoCD (#530)
boozallen/aissemble: DRAFT_RELEASE_NOTES.md

| pipeline-invocation-service-template-migrtion                          | Include the helm.valueFiles param to ArgoCD pipeline-invocation-service template                                                                                                       |                                                                                                                                                      
| docker-module-pom-dependency-type-migration                            | Updates the maven pipeline dependency type within your project's sub docker module pom file(`<YOUR_PROJECT>-docker/*-docker/pom.xml`) to fix the build cache checksum calculation issue |
| enable-maven-docker-build-migration                                    | Remove the maven fabric8 plugin `skip` configuration within your project's docker module pom file(`<YOUR_PROJECT>-docker/pom.xml`) to enable the maven docker build                    |
| spark-worker-docker-image-tag-migration                                | Updated the worker docker image tag to use project version                                                                                                                             |

> | spark-infrastructure-universal-config-server-side-diff-yaml-migration  | Includes Server-Side Diff Strategy for mutation webhook annotation to enable Server-Side Apply for changes made by mutation webhook in spark infrastructure                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| spark-infrastructure-universal-config-server-side-diff-yaml-migration  | Enables the Server-Side Diff Strategy within ArgoCD for the Spark Infrastructure resource so that changes made by the Universal Config Store mutating webhook are ignored in ArgoCD diffs.        |
```
